now within the last hour both the
Russian and the French rival draft
resolutions on this Syria crisis have
been vetoed at the UN Security Council
it's get latest now from our
correspondent Caleb Maupin joins us on
the line daily we've been closely
watching events there why of both of the
resolutions being rejected well Russia
has vetoed a resolution from the United
Nations that would essentially call for
a no-fly zone over Syria now China
abstained during that voting and then
after that we heard leaders of the
United States the United Kingdom and
other Western countries of Basch Russia
for vetoing that resolution let's take a
listen
day we have seen the fifth veto in five
years on Syria from you mr. president a
veto that is a cynical abuse of the
privileges and responsibilities of
permanent membership the feature of this
trough resolution is a ban on all
military flights over Aleppo not only
its eastern part but also the West which
is repeatedly shelled by the fighters
from the east and the concept of this
ban has not been worked through at all
we asked when it includes surveillance
drones which are watching over the
fighters movements there was no answer
but why does it include the western part
of the city which is controlled by the
government the answer they give it's
more convenient is this a serious
conversation now the Russian envoi
called the resolution unbalanced and he
pointed out that the call for a no-fly
zone in Syria essentially amounts to a
call for regime change and that the
regime change in Libya and in Iraq both
strength and terrorism around the world
and in the countries after the
governments were toppled now furthermore
the the Russian and void pointer doubt
that that the Russian government is
targeting the al-nusra terrorists in
Syria that they are the ones being
targeted and that as of yet the United
States has not separated the so-called
moderate office
ition forces that they are supporting
from the al-nusra terrorists now the UN
Security Council has called for this
separation to take place for months but
it still hasn't happened yet now very
interestingly we did hear as the UN
special envoy for Syria de Mistura we
heard him make a very interesting offer
to the al-nusra terrorist very recently
let's take a listen to what he said if
you did decide to live in dignity and
with your weapons tweet lib or anywhere
you wanted to go I personally am ready
physically to accompany you now with two
resolutions being vetoed this meeting of
the United Nations Security Council the
15 member body that leads the United
Nations this this meeting really
highlighted the differences between
world powers when it comes to Syria and
and the ongoing tension and and
difficulties in resolving the crisis
okay many thanks that scaley movement
bringing us the latest staff from New
York